# card-game
# Aryan Gidwani

This program is the card game known as President. The user can choose the number of players that want to play the game. Once the number of players are decided, the deck of 52 cards are shuffled, dealt out to the players, and sorted for all the players for the game. When the game starts, the first player can choose to either play a single, double, or triple. For instance, if they have two cards with the same number on it, the player can choose to either play one of that card or both cards. For instance, if a player has 2 3's, that player can play either both of those 3's or just one. The number of cards that a player plays determines the number of cards the rest of the players must play. For example, if there are 2 3's in the pile, the rest of the players must play "doubles" or two cards with a number higher than a 3. For instance, the players can play 2 5's after those cards are played. For cards to be burned, cards can be burned if the number or value on the card is the same as the previous one played. For example, if there was one King of spades in the pile, the pile can be burned with a card that has a King on it, regardless of the suit. Similarly, if there are 2 Queens in the pile, the pile can only be burned with two other Queens. The number of cards that each player plays must stay the same and the value of the card must be the same for the entire pile to be burned. In a normal game of President, the "2" is a burn card. However, due to time constraints, I decided that having the 2 as a burn card is not mandatory or the most important detail of the game that I had to implement in the available time. Thus, I decided that all cards with the number 2 will be treated as a normal card, just like the other numbers and other values that cards have. The winner is decided when one of the players loses all of their cards. Once the player loses all of their cards, the player that loses all of them is declared and deemed the winner. If the user inputs a card that has a lower value than the previous card played, the player that failed to play properly will lose their turn, and their turn will be given to the next player.

